book: update concepts pages (#735)
KDAB/cxx-qt: book/src/concepts/generated_qobject.md

# The generated QObject

One of the key features of CXX-Qt is the ability to create your own QObjects from Rust.
This is what the [`#[qobject]` macro](../bridge/extern_rustqt.md#qobjects) is for.
This page serves to document the details of what is generated and how to interact with the generated QObject from Rust.

The `#[qobject]` macro generates a QObject for a type alias to a Rust struct.
Whilst this QObject is a C++ type, CXX-Qt will automatically wrap it as a [CXX Opaque Type](https://cxx.rs/extern-c++.html#opaque-c-types).

> If the bridge module is named `qobject`, then the C++ type can be reached via `qobject::T`

## Anatomy

Any QObject generated by CXX-Qt is just a C++ QObject subclass that owns an instance of the Rust struct.
The instance of the Rust struct is constructed using its [`Default`](https://doc.rust-lang.org/std/default/trait.Default.html) implementation in the C++ constructor.

> Therefore implementing `Default` on the Rust struct is currently mandatory.

Reviewer: This is no longer true. You can use `Constructor` instead.

Author: the next comment was the change to fix this I assume ?

Reviewer: Yup, sorry for the duplicate.

> The instance of the Rust struct is constructed using its [`Default`](https://doc.rust-lang.org/std/default/trait.Default.html) implementation in the C++ constructor.
> Therefore implementing `Default` on the Rust struct is currently mandatory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default the instance of the Rust struct is constructed using the [`Default`](https://doc.rust-lang.org/std/default/trait.Default.html) trait.
If the Rust struct cannot implement `Default`, providing a custom constructor with the [`Constructor` trait](https://docs.rs/cxx-qt/latest/cxx_qt/trait.Constructor.html) is required.
```

Author: done

The C++ object will defer any state to the Rust struct, and is therefore only a thin wrapper.

> See [`extern "RustQt"`](../bridge/extern_rustqt.md) for details on implementing properties, invokables, and signals.

> See [nested objects](./nested_objects.md) for referencing another QObject.

## C++ context

When implementing methods in the C++ context (eg for invokables) these need to be implemented on the type defined in the bridge.

For example if the bridge module was called `qobject` and the type was called `T` an impl block would be written as `impl qobject::T { ... }`.

> Methods from traits, such as [Threading](https://docs.rs/cxx-qt/latest/cxx_qt/trait.Threading.html), are available in the C++ context

> From a C++ context the Rust context can be reach by using methods on the [CxxQtType](https://docs.rs/cxx-qt/latest/cxx_qt/trait.CxxQtType.html) trait

## Rust context

> The only requirement for the Rust struct is that it has a `Default` or a [cxx_qt::Constructor](https://docs.rs/cxx-qt/latest/cxx_qt/trait.Constructor.html) implementation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The only requirement for the Rust struct is that it has a `Default` or that the QObject implements [cxx_qt::Constructor](https://docs.rs/cxx-qt/latest/cxx_qt/trait.Constructor.html).
```

Author: done
